allybizalliance@gmail.com		David Conte
					Nicholas Bauer
cbobich@westol.com			Charles Bobich
dhill955@windstream.net			Dennis Hill
dkoren@consolidated.net			David Koren
					Eric Foust
guzikg@verizon.net			George Guzik
haoobservatory@verizon.net		Anthony Orzechowski
j.moninger@att.net			John Moninger
					Jim Kossis
jookie29@gmail.com			Julia Augustine
mclaughlinnich@verizon.net		Richard McLaughlin
mmeteney@comcast.net			Michael Meteney
ned711@hotmail.com			Nicholas Simcic
nm3a@mail.com				Daniel Walter
radzilowiczj@csc.clpgn.org		John G. Radzilowicz
rhha5291@hotmail.com			Robert Hauer
rkelly@spamcop.net			Robert Kelly
sanner12@msn.com			Ken Sanner
skees@cs.cmu.edu			Jim Skees
smcguire@zbzoom.net			Sean McGuire
					Tiffany Garrison
					Timothy Teres
tvbush@comcast.net			Tera Bush
minna.lunney@gmail.com			Minna Lunney
shadow2097@gmail.com			Michael Markiw
pattyeludwig1@gmail.com			Pattye Ludwig
kulthe.rohit@gmail.com			Rohit Kulthe
matt.dieterich@yahoo.com		Matthew Dieterich
JWHoltz@aol.com				John W. Holtz
amy108@zoominternet.net			Alvin Pritchard
dianeturnshek@gmail.com			Diane Turnshek
carynjrogers@gmail.com			Caryn Rogers
johnwenskovitch@gmail.com		John Wenskovitch
Clongest@gmail.com			Courtland Longest
wjvanvliet@yahoo.com			Wendy Van Vliet
michael.lincoln24@yahoo.com		Michael Lincoln
john.j.walliser@gmail.com		John Walliser
amandamyers880@gmail.com		Amanda Myers
kjones@cardinalres.com			Kevin Jones
csmullin@gmail.com			Chris Mullin
aij@pitt.edu				Allen Janis
bethstifel@verizon.net			Beth Stifel
